📖🔧：update license labelling (#1211)
OpenINF/openinf.github.io: README.md

### License

It is essential always to read the license for all code and content in question.
Each source code and content directory typically contains the appropriate

> license file for the source code and content in that directory. The code and

Author: ```suggestion
license file(s) for that directory's source code and/or content. The code and
```

content files themselves also contain licensing and authorship metadata.

The repository's source code is permissively licensed under either MIT, Apache
2.0, or Blue Oak 1.0.0. The IDK reference documentation content uses the CC
BY-NC-SA 4.0 license, and the collection of documents comprising our style guide

> handbook uses the CC BY-SA 4.0 license.

Author: and the source code examples are public-domain equivalent 0BSD

### License

It is essential always to read the license for all code and content in question.
Each source code and content directory typically contains the appropriate
license file(s) for that directory's source code and/or content. The code and

> content files themselves also contain licensing and authorship metadata.

Author: ```suggestion
content files themselves also typically contain licensing and authorship metadata.
```
